resource.temporal_resolution, sources object and dataset identifier a… (#119)
GFDRR/rdl-standard: docs/about/changelog.md

- [#102](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/102) - Replace `resource` object with `Resource` definition, add `Resource.id` and update the names, titles and descriptions of its other properties.
- [#104](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/104) - Add `Period` object.
- [#100](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/100) - Update field names, titles and descriptions not covered in other issues.

> - [#119](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/119) - Create `Source` object, `Identifier` and `temporal_resolution` fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#119](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/119):
  - Add `identifier`, `sources` and `Resource.temporal_resolution` fields.
  - Add `Source` definition.
  - Update field descriptions in `Resource` definition.
  - Add validation keywords to `Location`, `Gazetteer_entry` and `Geometry` definitions.
```

- [#102](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/102) - Replace `resource` object with `Resource` definition, add `Resource.id` and update the names, titles and descriptions of its other properties.
- [#104](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/104) - Add `Period` object.
- [#100](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/100) - Update field names, titles and descriptions not covered in other issues.

> - [#119](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/119):
>   - Add `identifier`, `sources` and `Resource.temporal_resolution` fields.
>   - Add `Source` definition.
>   - Update field descriptions in `Resource` definition.
>   - Add validation keywords to `Location`, `Gazetteer_entry` and `Geometry` definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#119](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/119):
  - Add fields:
    - `identifier`
    - `sources`
    - `temporal_resolution`
    - `Resource.temporal_resolution`
  - Add `Source` definition.
  - Update field descriptions in `Resource` definition.
  - Add validation keywords to `Location`, `Gazetteer_entry` and `Geometry` definitions.
```
